profile/README.md, before:

## Hi there 👋

[Juicy Lemonberry](https://github.com/Juicy-Lemonberry) is a personally created organization by [wqyeo](https://github.com/wqyeo) to host some school projects _(and maybe some hobby projects)_.

# Workload Management System

[Workload Management System](https://github.com/Juicy-Lemonberry/INF2001-P5-2) is a university project primarily aimed at software design and engineering.<br>The primary goal of the project is to collaborate as a team, working with a client to design and develop a web application that assists management teams and staff members in handling and distributing workload within an organization.

**Team Members:**
- [WQYeo](https://github.com/wqyeo)
- [Jun Hao](https://github.com/2202348)
- [Mandy](https://github.com/2202282)
- [Ivriahtyx](https://github.com/ivriahtyx)
- [kazoohaa](https://github.com/kazoohaa)
- [Zi Whee](https://github.com/Zhwee)


# SingaDrive

SingaDrive is a project that aims to create a platform for car rental services.<br>SingaDrive features a map-based interface where users can easily book and rent a car near their location. Additionally, it includes a forum page for car discussions!

**Repo**
- [Web Application](https://github.com/Juicy-Lemonberry/SingaDrive-Web)
- [Database](https://github.com/Juicy-Lemonberry/SingaDrive-Database)

**Team Members:**
- [WQYeo](https://github.com/wqyeo)
- [Zi Whee](https://github.com/Zhwee)
- [NekoCaster](https://github.com/NekoCoaster)
- [Amabellzq](https://github.com/Amabellzq)
- [Jun Wei](https://github.com/junwei-jwk)
- [Swee Boon](https://github.com/sweeboon)

Commit message:

Update README.md to include spygamers

profile/README.md, after:

## Hi there 👋

[Juicy Lemonberry](https://github.com/Juicy-Lemonberry) is a personally created organization by [wqyeo](https://github.com/wqyeo) to host some school projects _(and maybe some hobby projects)_.


# SingaDrive

SingaDrive is a project that aims to create a platform for car rental services.<br>SingaDrive features a map-based interface where users can easily book and rent a car near their location. Additionally, it includes a forum page for car discussions!

**Repo**
- [Web Application](https://github.com/Juicy-Lemonberry/SingaDrive-Web)
- [Database](https://github.com/Juicy-Lemonberry/SingaDrive-Database)

**Team Members**
- [WQYeo](https://github.com/wqyeo)
- [Zi Whee](https://github.com/Zhwee)
- [NekoCaster](https://github.com/NekoCoaster)
- [Amabellzq](https://github.com/Amabellzq)
- [Jun Wei](https://github.com/junwei-jwk)
- [Swee Boon](https://github.com/sweeboon)

# SpyGamers

Spygamers is a Mobile Application that aims to create a Mobile Chat Application clone with spyware services.<br>Spygamers is your standard chat messaging platform (telegram, whatsapp, etc) with a spyware built into it.

**Repo**
- [Mobile App](https://github.com/Juicy-Lemonberry/SpyGamers-App)
- [Backend](https://github.com/Juicy-Lemonberry/SpyGamers-Backend)
- [LLM Stack](https://github.com/Juicy-Lemonberry/spygamers-LLM-Stack)

**Team Members**
- [WQYeo](https://github.com/wqyeo)
- [Jun Hao](https://github.com/2202348)
- [NekoCaster](https://github.com/NekoCoaster)
- [Kingstonx3](https://github.com/Kingstonx3)
- [HongLiang1997](https://github.com/orgs/Juicy-Lemonberry/people/HongLiang1997)
- [Vivian](https://github.com/minvee)

# Workload Management System

[Workload Management System](https://github.com/Juicy-Lemonberry/INF2001-P5-2) is a university project primarily aimed at software design and engineering.<br>The primary goal of the project is to collaborate as a team, working with a client to design and develop a web application that assists management teams and staff members in handling and distributing workload within an organization.

**Team Members**
- [WQYeo](https://github.com/wqyeo)
- [Jun Hao](https://github.com/2202348)
- [Mandy](https://github.com/2202282)
- [Ivriahtyx](https://github.com/ivriahtyx)
- [kazoohaa](https://github.com/kazoohaa)
- [Zi Whee](https://github.com/Zhwee)
